integrations/gitbook/README.md, before:

# Gitbook ScalaFiddle

Integrate ScalaFiddle easily into your Gitbook documentation using this plugin.

## Install

Add the below to your `book.json` file, then run `gitbook install` :

```json
{
  "plugins": ["scalafiddle"]
}
```

## Usage

The ScalaFiddle plugin provides a tag `scalafiddle` which you can use to convert a code block in your documentation into an
editable and runnable fiddle. Simply surround a code block with the tag as shown below.

Before:
````
```scala
def sum(a: Int, b: Int) = a + b

println(sum(2, 2))
```
````

After:
````
{% scalafiddle %}
```scala
def sum(a: Int, b: Int) = a + b

println(sum(2, 2))
```
{% endscalafiddle %}
````

This will instruct the plugin to generate a special `<div>` around your code which will turn it into an editable fiddle when the
viewer clicks the `Run` button.

![Code block with a Run button](images/fiddle_run.png)

### Parameters

Each fiddle can be further customized with parameters. These parameters are described in more detail in the 
[main integration documentation](https://github.com/scalafiddle/scalafiddle-core/blob/master/integrations/README.md). For example:

````
{% scalafiddle prefix="import scala.util.Random", theme="dark" %}
````

### Templates

Each ScalaFiddle consists of a "user visible" part and of a template that is hidden from the user. You can use this template
code to provide additional or common functionality without cluttering each of your fiddles. A template can contain code that 
comes before the user code, or also code that comes afterwards (separated by a line starting with four slashes `////`).

The example template below wraps the user's code into a `{}` block, assigns it to a `val` and prints the result at the end.

```scala
val result = {
////
}
println(result)
```

Templates are stored by default under the `templates` directory (which can be changed via configuration). Each template must
have a `.scala` extension. For the example above, the correct file name would be `templates/Result.scala`

Use the template in documentation
````
{% scalafiddle template="Result" %}
```scala
def sum(a: Int, b: Int) = a + b
sum(2, 2)
```
{% endscalafiddle %}
````

You will see only the user defined code in the fiddle. The result pane, however, shows you that the template code was also
run.

![Using a template](images/use_template.png)

The final code executed will actually be:

```scala
val result = {
def sum(a: Int, b: Int) = a + b
sum(2, 2)
}
println(result)
```

## Configuration

The ScalaFiddle plugin can be configured the same as any other Gitbook plugin via `book.json`. For example:

```json
{
  "gitbook": "3.2.x",
  "plugins": ["scalafiddle"],
  "pluginsConfig": {
    "scalafiddle": {
      "dependency": "io.suzaku %%% boopickle % 1.2.6",
      "scalaFiddleUrl": "http://localhost:8880/"
    }
  }
}
```

In the configuration you can provide default values for fiddle parameters such as `dependency`, `minheight`, `theme` etc. 
Typically you would use the `dependency` configuration in a library documentation where each code example has the same dependency
to your library.

You can also configure the location of templates with `templateDir` and the URL for the ScalaFiddle service (if you want to
run your own ScalaFiddle server, for example locally) using `scalaFiddleUrl`.

Commit message:

Fix Markdown conversion process in Jekyll plugin.
Add support for fiddle with multiple code blocks.

integrations/gitbook/README.md, after:

# Gitbook ScalaFiddle

Integrate ScalaFiddle easily into your Gitbook documentation using this plugin.

## Install

Add the below to your `book.json` file, then run `gitbook install` :

```json
{
  "plugins": ["scalafiddle"]
}
```

## Usage

The ScalaFiddle plugin provides a tag `scalafiddle` which you can use to convert a code block in your documentation into an
editable and runnable fiddle. Simply surround a code block with the tag as shown below.

Before:
````
```scala
def sum(a: Int, b: Int) = a + b

println(sum(2, 2))
```
````

After:
````
{% scalafiddle %}
```scala
def sum(a: Int, b: Int) = a + b

println(sum(2, 2))
```
{% endscalafiddle %}
````

This will instruct the plugin to generate a special `<div>` around your code which will turn it into an editable fiddle when the
viewer clicks the `Run` button.

![Code block with a Run button](images/fiddle_run.png)

You can also wrap multiple code blocks with explanatory text in between them. The blocks will be joined
into a single fiddle and all extra text is simply dropped.

````
{% scalafiddle %}
```scala
def sum(a: Int, b: Int) = a + b
```
Then we call the method:
```scala
println(sum(2, 2))
```
{% endscalafiddle %}
````

### Parameters

Each fiddle can be further customized with parameters. These parameters are described in more detail in the 
[main integration documentation](https://github.com/scalafiddle/scalafiddle-core/blob/master/integrations/README.md). For example:

````
{% scalafiddle prefix="import scala.util.Random", theme="dark" %}
````

### Templates

Each ScalaFiddle consists of a "user visible" part and of a template that is hidden from the user. You can use this template
code to provide additional or common functionality without cluttering each of your fiddles. A template can contain code that 
comes before the user code, or also code that comes afterwards (separated by a line starting with four slashes `////`).

The example template below wraps the user's code into a `{}` block, assigns it to a `val` and prints the result at the end.

```scala
val result = {
////
}
println(result)
```

Templates are stored by default under the `templates` directory (which can be changed via configuration). Each template must
have a `.scala` extension. For the example above, the correct file name would be `templates/Result.scala`

Use the template in documentation
````
{% scalafiddle template="Result" %}
```scala
def sum(a: Int, b: Int) = a + b
sum(2, 2)
```
{% endscalafiddle %}
````

You will see only the user defined code in the fiddle. The result pane, however, shows you that the template code was also
run.

![Using a template](images/use_template.png)

The final code executed will actually be:

```scala
val result = {
def sum(a: Int, b: Int) = a + b
sum(2, 2)
}
println(result)
```

## Configuration

The ScalaFiddle plugin can be configured the same as any other Gitbook plugin via `book.json`. For example:

```json
{
  "gitbook": "3.2.x",
  "plugins": ["scalafiddle"],
  "pluginsConfig": {
    "scalafiddle": {
      "dependency": "io.suzaku %%% boopickle % 1.2.6",
      "scalaFiddleUrl": "http://localhost:8880/"
    }
  }
}
```

In the configuration you can provide default values for fiddle parameters such as `dependency`, `minheight`, `theme` etc. 
Typically you would use the `dependency` configuration in a library documentation where each code example has the same dependency
to your library.

You can also configure the location of templates with `templateDir` and the URL for the ScalaFiddle service (if you want to
run your own ScalaFiddle server, for example locally) using `scalaFiddleUrl`.
